Add walk information (#44)
NUbots/NUbook: src/book/02-system/02-subsystems/04-motion.mdx

description: Motion and how it works in the NUbots codebase.
slug: /system/subsystems/motion
---

# Walk Engine

Currently NUbots has two walk engines. One is an **open loop hybrid walk controller** and the other is an **open loop walk** based on **quintic splines**. These engines take care of the mathematics and control involved in taking steps without falling over. The walk engines do not plan where to walk to, only how to walk.

A walk engine will trigger when a [**walkcommand**](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/master/shared/message/motion/WalkCommand.proto) is [emitted](/system/nubots/nuclear#emit-statements). The walk command gives a vector [x, y, z] which represents:

| Variable | Description                   |
| -------- | ----------------------------- |
| x        | velocity in metres per second |
| y        | velocity in metres per second |

> | z        | angle in radians per second   |

Author: Good point. I guess it would be described as yaw with 0 being in the direction of the x-axis of the robot. Positive would go counter-clockwise. I'll add that in.

This walk is based on the work of [Yi et al.](https://doi.org/10.1109/HUMANOIDS.2013.7029960) and Song ('Development of an Omni-directional Gait Generator and a Stabilization Feedback Controller for Humanoid Robots'). The code is a refactored version of the [UPennalizers](https://fling.seas.upenn.edu/~robocup/wiki/) / Team DARwIn [2013 code release](https://github.com/UPenn-RoboCup/UPennalizers/tree/master). NUbots have made several improvements and simplifications.

The module for this walk is located in the [OldWalkEngine module folder](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/master/module/motion/OldWalkEngine).

## Quintic Spline Walk

The Quintic Walk is an **open loop controller** based on **quintic splines** (piecewise fifth degree polynomials). It sets points in each direction for rotation and translation and uses those points to create smooth quintic splines.

> The engine has support for kicking, however this is not used at this time.

Author: @vuvuzella is working on this :D

The code used for this walk comes from [**BitBots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn was based off [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).

The implementation of this walk is currently a work in progress. See the implementation on the [QuinticWalk branch](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk).

### Implementation

The walk uses the Footstep class to generate the targets for the foot. It handles the special cases of side stepping and turning to prevent collisions with the other foot.

> The SplineContainer class holds Points and multiple Spline objects. As the SplineContainer gets points, it creates Splines based on these points. These Spline objects are matched to some name in a mapping.

Reviewer: How does it create splines based on these points? Is that beyond the scope of this doc?

Author: I think that sort of thing is beyond the scope of this. I tried to find some good external resources for splines but the only page I could find dedicated to splines was on Wikipedia... Might add some info in the maths page, but it's not something specific to NUbots.

Reviewer 2: Is it worth adding links to the codebase for each of the classes mentioned?

> The SplineContainer class holds Points and multiple Spline objects. As the SplineContainer gets points, it creates Splines based on these points. These Spline objects are matched to some name in a mapping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SplineContainer class holds Points and multiple Spline objects. As the SplineContainer gets points, it creates Splines based on these points. These Spline objects are each mapped to names.
```

The Spline that the SplineContainer holds is a generic Spline class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is represented by a Polynom object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.

> The specific Spline type we use is a SmoothSpline, extended from the Spline class. The SmoothSpline uses the added contraints of given initial and final velocities and accelerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific Spline type we use is a SmoothSpline, extended from the Spline class. The SmoothSpline adds contraints of given initial and final velocities and accelerations.
```

Author: I'm not sure I agree with this change. The point I'm making is that the smooth spline uses these values to create the spline. You can't get a unique solution from the basic definition of a spline, it has to be a specific kind of spline which has specific constraints. These (v_0, a_0, v_n, a_n) are the constraints we are using to get a unique solution. It still might be worth changing this sentence to clarify this if it doesn't read well.

Reviewer: nah no need to reword, all good I reckon

The TrajectoryUtils file specifies the usage of the SplineContainer for the purpose of walking. It creates a SplineContainer with the following Splines

| Name                 | Description                                                                              |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IS_DOUBLE_SUPPORT    | Splines for when the robot is in double support phase, i.e. both feet are on the ground. |

> | IS_LEFT_SUPPORT_FOOT | Splines for the support foot.                                                            |

Reviewer: Could be a dumb question, but do you know why they have defined LEFT_SUPPORT and not right too? Methinks that seems quite strange, looking at how that class uses that enum

Author: It's because the name references a boolean which is uses when it makes the splines. It is a weird thing to call it, but when it makes the splines one of the parameters is based on if this is the left foot or not. 
`point(TrajectoryTypes::IS_LEFT_SUPPORT_FOOT, 0.0f, foot_step.isLeftSupport());`

Reviewer: Oh it is a bool? I misunderstood when I was looking then. Too easy.

slug: /system/subsystems/motion
---

> This page details motion modules within the NUbots main codebase, such as the walk engine and the Script Engine. Script Runner and Script Tuner are on the [Behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour#script-runner) page.

Reviewer 3: I'd capitalise Walk Engine too, all make Script Engine lowercase to match.

```suggestion
This page details motion modules within the NUbots main codebase, such as the Walk Engine and the Script Engine. Script Runner and Script Tuner are on the [Behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour#script-runner) page.
```

Author: Yeah true, I put Script Engine uppercase because I was thinking about the modules, which are in the codebase as uppercase. But walk engine isn't a module named within the codebase. I think I'll put them all lowercase.

Author: ```suggestion
This page details motion modules within the NUbots main codebase, such as the walk engine and the script engine. Information about modules for running and tuning scripts can be found on the [Behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour#script-runner) page.
```

## Walk Engine

NUbots use an **open loop walk** based on **quintic splines**. This walk engine takes care of the mathematics and control involved in taking steps without falling over. The walk engine does not plan where to walk, only how to walk.

> The walk engine will trigger when a [**walkcommand**](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/master/shared/message/motion/WalkCommand.proto) is [**emitted**](/system/foundations/nuclear#emit-statements). The walk command gives a vector [x, y, z] which represents:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The walk engine will trigger when a [**walkcommand**](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/master/shared/message/motion/WalkCommand.proto) is [**emitted**](/system/foundations/nuclear#emit-statements). The walk command gives a vector `[x, y, z]` which represents:
```

| Variable | Description                                                                                |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| x        | velocity in metres per second in the direction of the x axis                               |
| y        | velocity in metres per second in the direction of the y axis                               |
| z        | yaw in radians per second, positive is counter-clockwise. The 0 point is straight forward. |

The robot's [behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour) determines the walk command.

### Quintic Spline Walk

The Quintic Walk is an **open loop controller** based on **quintic splines** (piecewise fifth degree polynomials). It sets points in each direction for rotation and translation and uses those points to create smooth quintic splines.

The engine has support for kicking using quintic splines. Integration of the kick is a work in progress.

> The code used for this walk comes from [**BitBots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn is from [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The code used for this walk comes from [**Team BitBots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn is from [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).
```

Author: Good point, but officially they are Hamburg Bit-Bots
```suggestion
The code used for this walk comes from the RoboCup team [**Hamburg Bit-Bots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn is from [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).
```

#### Implementation

> The walk uses the Footstep class to generate the targets for the foot, using the calculated splines.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The walk uses the `Footstep` class to generate the targets for the foot, using the calculated splines.
```

The `SplineContainer` class holds multiple `Spline` objects. As the `SplineContainer` gets points, they are used to create `Spline`s. These Spline objects are each mapped to names based on what they do. These mappings for the walk and kick are in the table below.

> The `Spline` that the `SplineContainer` holds is a generic `Spline` class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is a `Polynom` object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The splines that the `SplineContainer` holds are instances of a generic `Spline` class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is a `Polynom` object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.
```

The specific `Spline` type we use is a `SmoothSpline`, extended from the `Spline` class. Find out more about splines and this specific type of spline on the [**mathematics**](/system/foundations/mathematics#splines) page.

The `TrajectoryUtils` file uses the `SplineContainer` for walking and kicking. It creates a `SplineContainer` with the following splines:

| Name                 | Description                                                                              |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IS_DOUBLE_SUPPORT    | Splines for when the robot is in double support phase, i.e. both feet are on the ground. |
| IS_LEFT_SUPPORT_FOOT | Splines for the support foot.                                                            |
| TRUNK_POS_X          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the x-axis.                               |
| TRUNK_POS_Y          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the y-axis.                               |
| TRUNK_POS_Z          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the z-axis.                               |

> | TRUNK_AXIS_X         | The orientation - x-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| TRUNK_AXIS_X         | The orientation of the robot's torso in the x-axis.                                           |
```

> | TRUNK_AXIS_Y         | The orientation - y-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| TRUNK_AXIS_Y         | The orientation of the robot's torso in the y-axis.                                           |
```

> | TRUNK_AXIS_Z         | The orientation - z-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| TRUNK_AXIS_Z         | The orientation of the robot's torso in the z-axis.                                           |
```

| FOOT_POS_X           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the x-axis.                         |
| FOOT_POS_Y           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the y-axis.                         |
| FOOT_POS_Z           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the z-axis.                         |

> | FOOT_AXIS_X          | The orientation - x-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| FOOT_AXIS_X          | The orientation of the robot's flying foot in the x-axis.                                     |
```

> | FOOT_AXIS_Y          | The orientation - y-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| FOOT_AXIS_Y          | The orientation of the robot's flying foot in the y-axis.                                     |
```

> | FOOT_AXIS_Z          | The orientation - z-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
| FOOT_AXIS_Z          | The orientation of the robot's flying foot in the z-axis.                                     |
```

| TRUNK_POS_Z          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the z-axis.                               |
| TRUNK_AXIS_X         | The orientation - x-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |
| TRUNK_AXIS_Y         | The orientation - y-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |
| TRUNK_AXIS_Z         | The orientation - z-axis of the robot's torso.                                           |
| FOOT_POS_X           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the x-axis.                         |
| FOOT_POS_Y           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the y-axis.                         |
| FOOT_POS_Z           | The Cartesian position of the robot's flying foot in the z-axis.                         |
| FOOT_AXIS_X          | The orientation - x-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |
| FOOT_AXIS_Y          | The orientation - y-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |
| FOOT_AXIS_Z          | The orientation - z-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |

> The points that make-up all these splines are in the [WalkEngine.cpp file](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/ff2cf1f7f38bf558494e305a99544e15affaf719/module/motion/QuinticWalk/src/engine/WalkEngine.cpp#L331). The [configuration parameters](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk/data/config/QuinticWalk.yaml) affect some of these points. Values are all in [SI units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The points that make up all these splines are in the [WalkEngine.cpp file](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/ff2cf1f7f38bf558494e305a99544e15affaf719/module/motion/QuinticWalk/src/engine/WalkEngine.cpp#L331). The [configuration parameters](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk/data/config/QuinticWalk.yaml) affect some of these points. Values are all in [SI units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units).
```

> The motion subsystem contains modules responsible for walking, kicking, moving the head, and running scripts. They perform these motions by sending servo commands (called targets) to the motors.

Reviewer 2: This paragraph seems a little disjoint. Perhaps this should be at the start of the page somewhere?

Author: It's a merge issue, didn't notice it down there.

## Script Engine

Scripts are static motions for the robot. They specify what joint angles to move to and how long the robot should take to get to those joint angles. For example, standing up is a script telling the robot to move its joints to the stand position over one second. There can be many of these position specifications in sequence to make the robot do more complex movements like getting up or kicking.

To learn how to tune scripts, see the [ScriptTuner guide](/guides/main/tuning-and-running-scripts#script-tuner).

> ### Messages

Reviewer 2: Github wont let me put a comment on the exact line for this, but `ExecuteScriptByName` takes a `duration_modifier` not a `duration`. Same for `ExecuteScript`.

Author: It won't let you because it's not a change in this PR. Script engine was a different PR, this PR is just about the walk. Any change should be in a new PR.

The module for this walk is located in the [OldWalkEngine module folder](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/master/module/motion/OldWalkEngine).

### Quintic Spline Walk

The Quintic Walk is an **open loop controller** based on **quintic splines** (piecewise fifth degree polynomials). It sets points in each direction for rotation and translation and uses those points to create smooth quintic splines.

The engine has support for kicking, however this is not used at this time.

The code used for this walk comes from [**BitBots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn was based off [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).

The implementation of this walk is currently a work in progress. See the implementation on the [QuinticWalk branch](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk).

#### Implementation

> The walk uses the Footstep class to generate the targets for the foot. It handles the special cases of side stepping and turning to prevent collisions with the other foot.

Author: Tbh I cant find anything about that now, I'm sure I read that it did that though 🤷

> The walk uses the Footstep class to generate the targets for the foot. It handles the special cases of side stepping and turning to prevent collisions with the other foot.

Reviewer: Scrap it?

The Spline that the SplineContainer holds is a generic Spline class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is represented by a Polynom object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.

The specific Spline type we use is a SmoothSpline, extended from the Spline class. Find out more about splines and this specific type of spline on the [mathematics](/system/foundations/mathematics#splines) page.

The TrajectoryUtils file specifies the usage of the SplineContainer for the purpose of walking. It creates a SplineContainer with the following Splines

| Name                 | Description                                                                              |
| -------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| IS_DOUBLE_SUPPORT    | Splines for when the robot is in double support phase, i.e. both feet are on the ground. |
| IS_LEFT_SUPPORT_FOOT | Splines for the support foot.                                                            |

> | TRUNK_POS_X          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the x-axis.                               |

Author: Yeah it would be SI units. I feel like this needs to be mentioned somewhere general, maybe the maths page?

> | TRUNK_POS_X          | The Cartesian position of the robot's torso in the x-axis.                               |

Reviewer: It should be mentioned somewhere general, but doubling up doesn't hurt IMO

slug: /system/subsystems/motion
---

This page details motion modules within the NUbots main codebase, such as the walk engines and the Script Engine. The Script Engine is detailed on this page, while Script Runner and Script Tuner can be found on the [Behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour#script-runner) page.

## Walk Engine

Currently NUbots has two walk engines. One is an **open loop hybrid walk controller** and the other is an **open loop walk** based on **quintic splines**. These engines take care of the mathematics and control involved in taking steps without falling over. The walk engines do not plan where to walk to, only how to walk.

> A walk engine will trigger when a [**walkcommand**](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/master/shared/message/motion/WalkCommand.proto) is [emitted](/system/foundations/nuclear#emit-statements). The walk command gives a vector [x, y, z] which represents:

Reviewer: kinda weird bolding walkcommand and not emitted. I would bold both or neither. if you accept my "splines" link suggestion, probably follow the same convention for it too, in terms of boldness

| Variable | Description                                                                                |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| x        | velocity in metres per second                                                              |
| y        | velocity in metres per second                                                              |

> | z        | yaw in radians per second, positive is counter-clockwise. The 0 point is straight forward. |

Reviewer: wondering if we should refer to yaw change per second as  `$\omega$` instead of `z` perhaps, like in physics stuff

Author: This is probs good for now since it's how it's described in the codebase and how Eigen perceives it. Once you've done that refactor you talked about the other day, can fix this up.

Reviewer 2: There is a right=hand rule for this if we haven't already added it to the maths page
```suggestion
| z        | yaw in radians per second, positive is counter-clockwise around the positive z-axis. The 0 point is straight forward. |
```

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2320984/124342474-981f4500-dc07-11eb-9337-3b48e928f467.png)

The [behaviour](/system/subsystems/behaviour) of the robot determines what the walk command will be.

### Open Loop Hybrid Walk

> This walk is an **open loop hybrid walk controller**, dynamically switching between an analytically solved trajectory for the centre of mass based on the **linear inverted pendulum model**, and a **Zero Moment Point preview controller**. To add local feedback, positions for the pitch and roll ankle joints are prescribed based on information from the Inertial Measurement Unit (IMU) to counteract small imbalances.

Reviewer: are there good resources for learning about inverted pendulum models and zmp controllers? could be worth linking for further reading here - unless it's not worth it because we're moving away from this walk anyway

Author: This might as well be removed since we're removing it from the codebase now.

Reviewer: :grin:

This walk is based on the work of [Yi et al.](https://doi.org/10.1109/HUMANOIDS.2013.7029960) and Song ('Development of an Omni-directional Gait Generator and a Stabilization Feedback Controller for Humanoid Robots'). The code is a refactored version of the [UPennalizers](https://fling.seas.upenn.edu/~robocup/wiki/) / Team DARwIn [2013 code release](https://github.com/UPenn-RoboCup/UPennalizers/tree/master). NUbots have made several improvements and simplifications.

The module for this walk is located in the [OldWalkEngine module folder](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/master/module/motion/OldWalkEngine).

### Quintic Spline Walk

> The Quintic Walk is an **open loop controller** based on **quintic splines** (piecewise fifth degree polynomials). It sets points in each direction for rotation and translation and uses those points to create smooth quintic splines.

Reviewer: could try linking to the maths bit about splines, instead of describing them in brackets perhaps? (not sure about this)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Quintic Walk is an **open loop controller** based on [**quintic splines**](/system/foundations/mathematics#splines) (piecewise fifth degree polynomials). It sets points in each direction for rotation and translation and uses those points to create smooth quintic splines.
```

The engine has support for kicking, however this is not used at this time.

The code used for this walk comes from [**BitBots**](https://github.com/bit-bots/bitbots_motion/), which in turn was based off [Quentin "Leph" Rouxel and Team Rhoban's walk](https://github.com/Rhoban/model/).

> The implementation of this walk is currently a work in progress. See the implementation on the [QuinticWalk branch](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk).

Reviewer: Is it a WIP? should this be updated? maybe update that the kick is a WIP too

#### Implementation

The walk uses the Footstep class to generate the targets for the foot, which are based off the calculated splines.

> The SplineContainer class holds Points and multiple Spline objects. As the SplineContainer gets points, it creates Splines based on these points. These Spline objects are each mapped to names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `SplineContainer` class holds `Points` and multiple `Spline` objects. As the `SplineContainer` gets points, it creates Splines based on these points. These `Spline` objects are each mapped to names.
```

just see if you like these code snippet ones. just an idea on these few

Author: I'll reword this, the SmoothSpline takes the points, not the SplineContainer

> The Spline that the SplineContainer holds is a generic Spline class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is represented by a Polynom object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Spline` that the `SplineContainer` holds is a generic spline class that holds all the information for a mathematical spline. Each piecewise polynomial in the spline is represented by a `Polynom` object that contains the coefficients for a polynomial.
```

> The specific Spline type we use is a SmoothSpline, extended from the Spline class. Find out more about splines and this specific type of spline on the [mathematics](/system/foundations/mathematics#splines) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The specific `Spline` type we use is a `SmoothSpline`, extended from the `Spline` class. Find out more about splines and this specific type of spline on the [mathematics](/system/foundations/mathematics#splines) page.
```

> The TrajectoryUtils file specifies the usage of the SplineContainer for the purpose of walking. It creates a SplineContainer with the following Splines

Reviewer: if you're reffering to a file, maybe link it?

```suggestion
The `TrajectoryUtils` file specifies the usage of the `SplineContainer` for the purpose of walking. It creates a `SplineContainer` with the following splines:
```

| FOOT_AXIS_Y          | The orientation - y-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |
| FOOT_AXIS_Z          | The orientation - z-axis of the robot's flying foot.                                     |

> The points that make up all these splines are in the [WalkEngine.cpp file](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/ff2cf1f7f38bf558494e305a99544e15affaf719/module/motion/QuinticWalk/src/engine/WalkEngine.cpp#L331). The [configuration parameters](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/biddulph/quintic_walk/module/motion/QuinticWalk/data/config/QuinticWalk.yaml) affect some of these points. Values are all in [SI units](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_System_of_Units).

Reviewer 2: These links need to be changed to reference the `master` branch.

> The [ScriptEngine](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/96357855b059cd499021552b3e25a4b158828dc5/module/motion/ScriptEngine) module receives either of these messages and processes the information for the script. It collects the servo positions and time for each frame and modifies them if needed based on the given duration and start time in the message. The information is then emitted as a [ServoCommand](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/cbb5d3ebc2a7c56944ec9afe3f70faf7e2900217/shared/message/behaviour/ServoCommand.proto) message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [ScriptEngine](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/tree/96357855b059cd499021552b3e25a4b158828dc5/module/motion/ScriptEngine) module receives either of these messages and processes the information for the script. It collects the servo positions and time for each frame and modifies them if needed based on the given duration modifier and start time in the message. The information is then emitted as a [ServoCommand](https://github.com/NUbots/NUbots/blob/cbb5d3ebc2a7c56944ec9afe3f70faf7e2900217/shared/message/behaviour/ServoCommand.proto) message.
```

> ### Script files

Reviewer 2: Field descriptions could be more descriptive
 - duration: Length of time it will take this frame to complete. An integer in milliseconds.
 - position: The target position of the servo. A float in radians.
 - gain: Amount of effort the servo will use to get to the target position. Corresponds to the P gain of the servo. Gain is often between 10 and 30.
